Notable features section (#1428)
dolthub/docs: content/products/hosted/notable-features.md

example:

- Create branches of your data.
- Merge changes you make with changes made by other people, and resolve conflicts using SQL.
- Look at the state of the data a given commit.
- Diff data between two commits or branches.
- Revert the changes made by a commit.

# Operations

## Logs

While your database is running we collect logging so you can monitor your database. View
and download logs from any time period from the deployment console.

![](../../.gitbook/assets/hosted-logs.png)

## Monitoring

We also collect metrics on your running database and display graphs so you can see
performance and usage in real time.

![](../../.gitbook/assets/hosted-monitoring.png)

## Custom configuration

Dolt has a myriad of [configuration options](../../reference/sql/server/configuration.md).
Most of these can be changed on the running server by setting the appropriate [system
variable](../../reference/sql/version-control/dolt-sysvars.md). However, Hosted Dolt
provides a simple UI for viewing and changing your deployment's custom configuration.

![](../../.gitbook/assets/hosted-custom-config.png)

## Replication

> Enable replication for your deployment and tell us how many replicas you want. You'll get

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Scale your deployment read capacity or create hot failover instances by enabling read replication for your deployment. Configure how many replicas you want. You'll get
```

---
title: "Hosted Dolt: Notable Features"
---

# Version control

[Dolt](https://doltdb.com) is a database like no other. There are numerous Dolt version

> control features that you won't find elsewhere. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
control features that you won't find elsewhere. Hosted Dolt gives you all the version control features of a running Dolt server without the hassle of running it yourself. For example:
```

- Create branches of your data.
- Merge changes you make with changes made by other people, and resolve conflicts using SQL.
- Look at the state of the data a given commit.
- Diff data between two commits or branches.
- Revert the changes made by a commit.

> # Logs

Reviewer: Maybe group these?

# Operations
## Access Management
## Logs
## Monitoring
## Backups
## Replication
## Dolt Upgrades
## Enterprise Support

# SQL Workbench
## User Friendly Web GUI
## Pull Requests
## Commit Log
## ORM Diagrams

# Dolt Ecosystem
## Clone a Hosted Instance
## Use DoltHub as a Remote

I think you get it.
